feel cent on the violin 3/8 journey they
all came away very smoothly gent on the
far side and the white is going to go up
to lead them early risky weather is
right there down at the rail chipper
pivot key groffo has now gone up to race
to join sake and they just cantering in
the early stages though Gulch II and the
blue colors moving up and join second
being followed by a stir act down at the
rail
alongside of that comes de corredor is
only falling so fees leaders and power
boy just ambling along at the back
coming to the top of the lane now and
gent absolutely cantering just going a
half pace out here he's leading it by
just over a length goal she and the blue
cap on the outside is second chipper
pivot key groffo in the red colors
tucked in third been followed in by
risky weather in behind that comes a
Sturrock de corredor and at the back is
power boys six lengths would cover them
all they race past the stands first time
round and it's still gent in front by a
length and a half
been tracked by gold she and second Jim
cope in Turkey Grapher right there in
third risky weather is in the fourth
position power boy on the outside fifth
only falling soft those leaders then a
strike and at the back now as they cut
it off still in absolutely no hurry
they've covered half the journey gent
just rolling along in front leads it by
one length
goal she is right there in second here's
Jaffe quite comfortable in the third
spot in the red now just two and a half
for from risky where they're racing
along in the fourth position on the
outside comes power boy who's five off
the leaders a strike and de corredor
running up inside of him they have a
half mile to go and the pace quickens
just a little now as genders have out a
strength out out there and he opens up
three parts of the length now they are
quickening in the second spot is still
Gulch e JP is right there in third
falling sofie's leaders in behind that
comes risky weather and de corredor
behind that is power boy in a stir act
now there turned it into a sprint foam
gentle on the inside up alongside as
don't see those two head and head now
and here comes JP perky groffo in the
red Jeffy pepper creed a faux pulled out
quickly coming for a run risky weather
extreme outside top of the lane now and
Jeff up ever key graph oohs let loose
and he comes to take the lead gent on
the rails hanging tough though extreme
outside
risky weather gent just hanging on Jeff
up every key groffo can't get to Ghent
and Jen's gonna go all the way gentle
when a Jeff